DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"The Final Brawl!\"
DAN: It didn't take long for Naga to send his Bakugan
to Wardington to try and steal the Infinity Core
from Wavern so he can control the universe!
But what that freak Naga doesn't realize
is that the Brawlers aren't going down without a fight!
You see, kids we fought against in the past
have signed up to help send Naga and his crew
back to their world.
I know it's not going to be easy, but right now,
we don't have a choice.
If Naga snags the Infinity Core...
you can kiss the world as we know it sayonara for good!
But before we can get to Naga,
we had to take care of Centorrior and Druman first!
Or at least that's what we thought!
Guys, look!
It's Naga!
No way! Now what, Dan?
DAN: Man, how stupid!
Chasing Centorrior and Druman
was all just a diversion!
Naga wanted us out of the way so he could go after
Wavern himself!
And if that creep gets to Wavern...
then we lose and the Infinity Core is his!
[\u266a]
Ability Activate!
Grand Impact!
[grumbling]
Vortex Dark Flame!
Brace yourself, Julie!
[screaming]
Julie! No!
It's my turn!
Feather Storm!
How pathetic, Sirenoid!
Forcing Wind!
What?
Right Gigante!
[groaning]
Yesss!
[laughter]
This is far from over...
In fact, we're just getting...
warmed up!
[laughter]
Impossible!
Nothing works!
I Hate to tell ya...
but if we don't get to Wavern,
we're all done for, kid!
I guess we'll just have to hope Shun can get it done
by himself!
Say what?
I thought you knew?
Shun took off while you were battling
to protect Wavern from Naga.
Shun must have realized this was all a rouse
to give Naga time...
Now I'm worried!
Man...
You be careful...
Shun...
Skyress!
Ability Activate!
Phase of Rage!
I, Fourtress, will scorch any enemy who dares
challenge me with my awesome rage!
Darkus Riot!
Hey! Back off!
Ability Activate Now!
Phase of Grief!
Go ahead, give me your best shot, Naga!
No matter what you throw at me, I will survive!
I am Fourtress and my Phase of Grief Ability
is impenetrable!
I hate drama!
Fourtress...
Naga!
No!
This madness has to stop!
I'm the one you want!
So you're finally ready to concede defeat!
No Joe!
Don't let Wavern get involved in this fight!
Quick!
Call her back inside her ball!
I'm trying, it's not working!
Naga's sent out a signal
to the Infinity Core inside Wavern!
And that signal is blocking all the commands
from my Baku-Pod!
What do we do? I don't know!
[evil laughter]
Soon, Naga will possess the Infinity Core.
Now to sit back and enjoy the show!
We're trapped inside the battlefield
that Centorrior created!
We can't get to Naga!
Then it's time to take Centorrior down!
Let's do this, boys!
No one gets past me! Huh?
Okay, tough guy!
Here's a boot to the head!
[screaming]
Alright Drago, Centorrior's all yours!
I'm on it, Preyas.
Are you ready, Dan?
Yeah! Ability Activate!
Dragonic Ogre!
[roaring]
Diablo's Shield!
No! No, this isn't over!
You can't defeat me, Drago!
Ultimate Dragon!
Exceed!
[screaming]
Alright! The force field's gone!
Centorrior! No!
Ah...You fools will pay for what you've done!
Vortex Dark Flame!
Noo!
Look out, Harpus!
[screaming]
Ah! Harpus!
Sirenoid!
[screaming]
Drago!
You must go help Wavern now!
Dan you too!
You're our last hope!
Alright!
Hold on!
We're coming, Wavern!
Oh no!
Wa-vernnnn!
No more, Naga...
please...
It's too late for that!
Listen very carefully, dear sister!
The only way for the Infinity Core
and the Silent to come together
is if you willingly surrender it to me...
And once they've merged, that you will be destroyed
and I shall become supreme ruler of the universe!
This is my destiny, Wavern!
You have no choice.
Those Bakugan who choose to serve me will survive
and those who don't will be eliminated!
But you will be alone, Naga!
I don't know of any Bakugan who would serve you!
You will be eternally lonely
and there is no fate worse than that, my brother!
If that is your destiny, then I pity you!
I don't need your pity, Wavern!
But I will offer you this.
If dare join me, your life will be spared.
Then you will help me rule the cosmos beyond the end of time!
That's never going to happen, Naga!
I would never surrender my morals
to join the Dark Side!
Very well, dear sister,
now I must answer the call of fate!
Give me the Infinity Core!
Naga! Noo!
Unhand her!
Drago!
This doesn't concern you!
Destroy Force Down!
What's going on?
I can't move!
Tigrerra!
Ha ha ha!
I hope you fools like pain because I can do this all day!
[screaming]
Ability Activate!
Haos Freeze Attack!
What the?
Now's our chance, Tigrerra!
Velocity Fang!
Good will always defeat evil...
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Alice, can you hear me?
Hey Shun, are you okay?
Yeah I... think so...
DAN: Are you ready, Drago?
Yes!
Ultimate Dragon!
Exceed Now!
How did he survive that?
Oh please, is that all you've got?
I believe now it's my turn!
Bottom Zero!
[screaming]
Drago!
Dan!
[screaming]
[roaring]
That should take care of those two.
Now, hand over the Infinity Core!
DRAGO: Wavern! Don't!
[roaring]
Huh?
Drago!
No, the battle is lost...
Please, you must go!
Now!
It's not over, Wavern!
There is only one way to prevent Naga
from getting the Infinity Core...
No Wavern!
I won't hear of it!
The only way we can save the universe
is for you to destroy me, Drago...
Then Naga will never have the chance to unite
the Infinity Core with the Silent Core...
I could never...
We have no choice, Drago!
Give me the Infinity Core!
Silent Down!
Ultimate Dragon!
You fool!
Haven't you learned your attacks are useless?
What?
[gasping]
[screaming]
Nooooooo!
Wavernnnnn!
Don't blame Drago, Joe...
I asked him to...
We didn't have a choice...
But why?
This is good-bye, Joe...
No...
Wavernnnnnn!
[\u266a]
WAVERN: Here, Drago,
the Infinity Core is now yours.
And I will do everything in my power
to protect it, Wavern...
Thank you, Drago...
Until we meet again, my dear...
Wavernnnnnn!
I'll miss you, Wavern,
but I'll never FORGET YOUUUU!
It's okay, Joe...
See ya...
[growling]
How dare you, Drago!
The Infinity Core would have been mine by now
if it wasn't for you!
Enough, Naga!
Never in a million years will I ever forgive you
for what you've done!
[roar]
[\u266a]
Wow! Check it out!
Looks like Drago's merged with the Infinity Core!
And become...
the Ultimate Bakugan!
Now he's Infinity Drago!
Nicely played, my friend...
Now it's the Infinity Core against the Silent Core
in the Ultimate battle where the prize is...
control of the universe!
And I shall be...
VICTORIOUSSSS!
If you think you can defeat me,
you're an even bigger fool than I thought!
[\u266a]
This is insane!
Drago!
Dan, what'd ya think your doing?
Dan!
Drago!
Dan, please! Let me take care of Naga!
Hey, don't just blow me off, Drago...
Remember, we're a team and we always battle together!
But this time may be different....
Oh, come on, Drago,
let the little whipper-snapper get in on the fun.
But just make sure he knows the rules...
Are you in or are you out?
Quick stallin', let's play!
ALL: Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
I've never seen a battle like this!
And chances are you never will ever again!
BAKUPOD: Ultimate Battle engaged.
Opposing powers at equal strength...
1000 G's.
It won't be long before I owe the universe, Drago!
Bottom Zero!
Power decrease of 300 G's.
Ah Snap! Drago's losing power!
Don't worry about me, Dan!
Flame Striver!
But that Dragonoid should be down for the count!
Hang in there...
you can do this...
Light Attributed means that was a Haos Ability...
That's it!
Now that you're an Ultimate Bakugan,
you can use other Abilities like Pyrus!
You're right, Dan!
An Ultimate Bakugan has no Ability limits!
Dive Fleet!
Surprise!
Holy cow!
Now he's using an Aquos Ability!
Ahhh!
There is too much at stake to be playing
your annoying little game, Drago!
Darkus Riot!
Heads up!
Gate Card Open!
Wall Rock!
This battle's mine!
Fire Grandam!
Alright!
That last blast from Drago was a Subterra Ability!
Aero Dragon!
Amazing!
Now Drago's shifted to a Darkus Ultimate Ability!
Sai-Curious Shield!
[roaring]
You must pay for what you have done, Naga!
I've never seen anything like this ever!
An entire city is floating in mid-air!
And bizarre creatures from somewhere are locked
in what looks like a battle!
[gasps]
Right now we're flying in for a better look!
Wait a minute!
It looks like some kind of 'goblin' creature!
And a young kid!
That's Dan!
Why are you doing this, Drago?
Join me and together, we can rule the universe!
I want nothing to do with the likes of you, Naga!
Besides, it's payback time for what you did
to your sister Wavern!
You must be destroyed, Naga!
You're blaming me for what happened to Wavern?
You fool!
You're the one who sent her back to Vestroia!
Because of you!
Burning Dragonia!
[screams]
That oughta show 'em, Drago!
What the?
I've got to revive Naga and quick!
Paladin Appear!
Bakugan Brawl!
Paladin Army Stand!
[\u266a]
[growling]
Huh?
Whoa! We're hooped!
HAL G: Say hello to Naga's personal Royal Guard...
the Fifth Paladin!
Incredible!
No fair, Hal-G!
This brawl was supposed to be a one on one battle!
Don't be such a fool, boy!
Since when has anything in life been fair?
There is only one rule...
and that's to win at any cost!
Naga!
[laughs]
Our time is now, my minions!
Ability...
Activate!
Melting Burst!
Burning Dragonia!
[\u266a]
What?
Drago!
Draaaggggoooooo!
DAN: It's down to the final fight
on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
It begins with Drago down for the count
and there's a good chance
we won't be able to save the universe
from that freak Naga.
But the Brawlers come through!
And man, that's when the battle really heats up.
We've only got one chance to keep the Infinity Core
out of the hands of the Dark Side
and you'll have to watch to see how the battle ends!
That's all on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Later...